
http://pen.io false
http://illinois.edu true
http://tinypic.com true
http://cam.ac.uk true
http://pcworld.com true
http://themeforest.net true
http://sbwire.com true
http://arstechnica.com true
http://walmart.com true
http://bloglovin.com false
http://acquirethisname.com true
http://woothemes.com true
http://shutterfly.com true
http://aboutads.info false
http://spotify.com false
http://dyndns.org true
http://fastcompany.com true
http://123-reg.co.uk true
http://scientificamerican.com true
http://hao123.com false
http://arizona.edu true
http://sogou.com true
http://vinaora.com true
http://seattletimes.com true
http://nsw.gov.au true
http://msu.edu true
http://multiply.com false
http://nymag.com true
http://tiny.cc false
http://blogtalkradio.com true
http://ihg.com true
http://army.mil false
http://rediff.com true
http://tmall.com true
http://hostgator.com false
http://fema.gov true
http://indiegogo.com false
http://unblog.fr false
http://earthlink.net true
http://yellowpages.com true
http://unc.edu true
http://netlog.com false
http://furl.net false
http://bravesites.com true
http://tamu.edu true
http://wp.com false
http://ucsd.edu true
http://tuttocitta.it false
http://va.gov true
http://csmonitor.com true
http://toplist.cz false
http://lulu.com true
http://simplemachines.org false
http://printfriendly.com false
http://ox.ac.uk true
http://admin.ch false
http://dell.com true
http://merriam-webster.com true
http://china.com.cn false
http://princeton.edu true
http://japanpost.jp false
http://accuweather.com true
http://java.com true
http://omniture.com false
http://shop-pro.jp false
http://oakley.com true
http://github.io false
http://mlb.com true
http://mayoclinic.com true
http://nba.com true
http://virginia.edu true
http://360.cn false
http://fotki.com true
http://studiopress.com true
http://prlog.org true
http://google.com.hk true
http://4shared.com true
http://indiatimes.com true
http://mtv.com false
http://zimbio.com true
http://uiuc.edu true
http://craigslist.org false
http://dmoz.org false
http://blogs.com true
http://cisco.com true
http://cnbc.com true
http://sciencedirect.com true
http://webeden.co.uk true
http://google.ru true
http://jalbum.net true
http://hud.gov true
http://twitpic.com false
http://chronoengine.com false
http://dot.gov true
http://hhs.gov true
http://symantec.com true
http://hibu.com true
http://vistaprint.com true
http://cyberchimps.com true
http://timesonline.co.uk true
http://si.edu true
http://newyorker.com true
http://wufoo.com true
http://ask.com true
http://cmu.edu true
http://mapy.cz true
http://domainmarket.com true
http://sciencedaily.com true
http://ovh.net false
http://home.pl true
http://cocolog-nifty.com false
http://deliciousdays.com true
http://ebay.co.uk true
http://canalblog.com false
http://naver.com true
http://smugmug.com true
http://i2i.jp false
http://answers.com true
http://springer.com true
http://paginegialle.it true
http://trellian.com true
http://devhub.com true
http://globo.com true
http://1und1.de true
http://istockphoto.com true
http://gizmodo.com true
http://ucoz.com false
http://smh.com.au true
http://reference.com true
http://dion.ne.jp false
http://artisteer.com false
http://g.co false
http://salon.com true
http://intel.com true
http://sun.com true
http://odnoklassniki.ru true
http://businesswire.com true
http://unicef.org true
http://state.tx.us false
http://example.com false
http://storify.com false
http://is.gd false
http://samsung.com true
http://unesco.org true
http://dagondesign.com true
http://thetimes.co.uk true
http://usa.gov true
http://yellowbook.com true
http://shareasale.com false
http://flavors.me false
http://theglobeandmail.com true
http://usnews.com true
http://edublogs.org true
http://biblegateway.com true
http://wisc.edu true
http://jiathis.com false
http://lycos.com true
http://hc360.com true
http://psu.edu true
http://howstuffworks.com true
http://purevolume.com true
http://slate.com true
http://t-online.de false
http://hubpages.com true
http://cargocollective.com false
http://booking.com true
http://xing.com true
http://so-net.ne.jp false
http://bigcartel.com false
http://ucla.edu true
http://wikispaces.com false
http://jigsy.com false
http://umn.edu true
http://utexas.edu true
http://nhs.uk true
http://abc.net.au true
http://elegantthemes.com false
http://usgs.gov true
http://com.com true
http://diigo.com true
http://washington.edu false
http://slashdot.org true
http://yale.edu true
http://upenn.edu true
http://plala.or.jp false
http://infoseek.co.jp true
http://marriott.com true
http://columbia.edu true
http://patch.com false
http://list-manage.com false
http://ehow.com true
http://google.com.au true
http://theatlantic.com true
http://friendfeed.com true
http://1688.com false
http://cdbaby.com false
http://engadget.com true
http://ow.ly false
http://skyrock.com true
http://nyu.edu true
http://pagesperso-orange.fr true
http://economist.com true
http://census.gov false
http://zdnet.com true
http://netscape.com true
http://cafepress.com true
http://hexun.com true
http://marketwatch.com true
http://ftc.gov true
http://ed.gov true
http://meetup.com false
http://behance.net false
http://state.gov true
http://auda.org.au true
http://google.pl true
http://liveinternet.ru false
http://quantcast.com true
http://ft.com true
http://google.cn false
http://netvibes.com true
http://topsy.com false
http://prnewswire.com true
http://goodreads.com true
http://exblog.jp true
http://surveymonkey.com false
http://paypal.com true
http://dropbox.com false
http://google.com.br true
http://ifeng.com true
http://moonfruit.com false
http://discovery.com true
http://jugem.jp false
http://fda.gov false
http://gmpg.org false
http://mac.com true
http://umich.edu true
http://cbc.ca true
http://wiley.com true
http://github.com true
http://webmd.com true
http://about.me false
http://wikia.com true
http://youku.com true
http://skype.com true
http://drupal.org true
http://businessinsider.com true
http://last.fm true
http://ycombinator.com false
http://nature.com true
http://cbslocal.com true
http://opensource.org true
http://shinystat.com false
http://privacy.gov.au true
http://spiegel.de true
http://senate.gov true
http://cloudflare.com true
http://oaic.gov.au true
http://bizjournals.com false
http://wunderground.com true
http://imgur.com false
http://redcross.org true
http://who.int true
http://ustream.tv false
http://people.com.cn false
http://google.nl true
http://irs.gov true
http://soup.io false
http://independent.co.uk true
http://ezinearticles.com true
http://reverbnation.com true
http://freewebs.com true
http://mediafire.com false
http://techcrunch.com true
http://icq.com true
http://un.org false
http://webnode.com true
http://xinhuanet.com true
http://disqus.com false
http://ucoz.ru false
http://squarespace.com true
http://sphinn.com true
http://nps.gov true
http://mysql.com true
http://alexa.com true
http://hp.com true
http://oracle.com true
http://cornell.edu true
http://seesaa.net false
http://house.gov true
http://epa.gov true
http://whitehouse.gov true
http://tripadvisor.com true
http://ted.com true
http://nationalgeographic.com true
http://biglobe.ne.jp true
http://usda.gov true
http://mashable.com true
http://geocities.jp false
http://apache.org true
http://yolasite.com false
http://vkontakte.ru false
http://bluehost.com true
http://eepurl.com false
http://loc.gov true
http://newsvine.com true
http://foxnews.com true
http://businessweek.com true
http://cbsnews.com true
http://berkeley.edu true
http://xrea.com false
http://mozilla.com false
http://noaa.gov true
http://goo.ne.jp true
http://barnesandnoble.com true
http://cpanel.net true
http://prweb.com false
http://bandcamp.com true
http://ibm.com true
http://weather.com true
http://pbs.org true
http://google.ca true
http://dedecms.com false
http://ocn.ne.jp false
http://google.es true
http://over-blog.com true
http://a8.net false
http://angelfire.com true
http://hatena.ne.jp true
http://imageshack.us false
http://nifty.com true
http://kickstarter.com false
http://blinklist.com false
http://bloomberg.com true
http://amazonaws.com true
http://blog.com false
http://nbcnews.com true
http://amazon.co.jp true
http://narod.ru false
http://wired.com true
http://npr.org true
http://eventbrite.com true
http://nasa.gov false
http://ca.gov true
http://histats.com false
http://gravatar.com false
http://harvard.edu true
http://squidoo.com true
http://alibaba.com true
http://live.com false
http://google.it true
http://time.com true
http://addtoany.com false
http://stanford.edu true
http://mit.edu true
http://altervista.org false
http://wikimedia.org false
http://sakura.ne.jp false
http://sohu.com false
http://cdc.gov true
http://deviantart.com true
http://dailymail.co.uk true
http://ning.com true
http://parallels.com true
http://php.net true
http://miitbeian.gov.cn false
http://bbb.org true
http://scribd.com true
http://opera.com false
http://rakuten.co.jp true
http://amazon.de true
http://phpbb.com true
http://phoca.cz true
http://e-recht24.de true
http://google.fr true
http://constantcontact.com false
http://archive.org true
http://posterous.com false
http://cnet.com true
http://telegraph.co.uk true
http://usatoday.com true
http://yelp.com true
http://soundcloud.com false
http://dailymotion.com false
http://amazon.co.uk true
http://weibo.com false
http://clickbank.net false
http://forbes.com true
http://etsy.com true
http://bloglines.com false
http://photobucket.com true
http://reuters.com true
http://homestead.com true
http://washingtonpost.com true
http://wix.com false
http://mapquest.com true
http://163.com false
http://gnu.org true
http://geocities.com false
http://slideshare.net true
http://issuu.com true
http://tripod.com false
http://guardian.co.uk true
http://godaddy.com true
http://bing.com true
http://sitemeter.com false
http://europa.eu false
http://taobao.com false
http://wsj.com true

http://ameblo.jp false
http://rambler.ru true
http://mozilla.org false
http://google.co.uk true
http://huffingtonpost.com false
http://ebay.com true
http://aol.com true
http://theguardian.com true
http://hugedomains.com true
http://about.com false
http://51.la false
http://nih.gov true
http://typepad.com true
http://sina.com.cn true
http://technorati.com true
http://networkadvertising.org false
http://yahoo.co.jp true
http://fc2.com false
http://google.co.jp true
http://tinyurl.com false
http://free.fr false
http://creativecommons.org true
http://joomla.org true
http://sourceforge.net true
http://jimdo.com false
http://imdb.com true
http://t.co false
http://google.de true
http://go.com true
http://vk.com false
http://cnn.com true
http://icio.us false
http://livejournal.com true
http://mail.ru true
http://webs.com true
http://gov.uk true
http://goo.gl true
http://instagram.com false
http://blogger.com false
http://msn.com true
http://yandex.ru true
http://weebly.com true
http://nytimes.com true
http://miibeian.gov.cn false
http://reddit.com true
http://feedburner.com false
http://statcounter.com false
http://addthis.com false
http://bbc.co.uk true
http://examiner.com false
http://digg.com true
http://baidu.com false
http://qq.com true
http://microsoft.com true
http://vimeo.com true
http://youtu.be true
http://myspace.com true
http://w3.org true
http://apple.com true
http://tumblr.com true
http://pinterest.com false
http://flickr.com true
http://discuz.net false
http://wordpress.com false
http://wikipedia.org true
http://amazon.com true
http://linkedin.com true
http://yahoo.com true
http://blogspot.com false
http://comsenz.com false
http://google.com true
http://wordpress.org true
http://youtube.com true
http://twitter.com true
http://adobe.com true
http://facebook.com true
http://macromedia.com false
http://de.vu false
http://delicious.com false




































































































http://www.acquirethisname.com false
http://www.pen.io false
http://www.illinois.edu true
http://www.tinypic.com true
http://www.bloglovin.com false
http://www.cam.ac.uk true
http://www.sbwire.com true
http://www.walmart.com true
http://www.themeforest.net true
http://www.123-reg.co.uk true
http://www.arstechnica.com true
http://www.aboutads.info false
http://www.pcworld.com true
http://www.spotify.com false
http://www.shutterfly.com true
http://www.sogou.com true
http://www.woothemes.com true
http://www.fastcompany.com true
http://www.scientificamerican.com true
http://www.hao123.com false
http://www.arizona.edu true
http://www.dyndns.org true
http://www.seattletimes.com true
http://www.multiply.com false
http://www.vinaora.com true
http://www.tiny.cc false
http://www.nymag.com true
http://www.nsw.gov.au true
http://www.fema.gov true
http://www.tmall.com true
http://www.blogtalkradio.com true
http://www.msu.edu true
http://www.rediff.com true
http://www.unc.edu true
http://www.ihg.com true
http://www.hostgator.com false
http://www.yellowpages.com true
http://www.earthlink.net true
http://www.unblog.fr false
http://www.army.mil true
http://www.netlog.com false
http://www.indiegogo.com true
http://www.bravesites.com true
http://www.tuttocitta.it false
http://www.va.gov true
http://www.ucsd.edu true
http://www.tamu.edu true
http://www.furl.net false
http://www.wp.com false
http://www.csmonitor.com true
http://www.lulu.com true
http://www.simplemachines.org false
http://www.toplist.cz false
http://www.ox.ac.uk true
http://www.printfriendly.com false
http://www.china.com.cn false
http://www.merriam-webster.com true
http://www.dell.com true
http://www.princeton.edu true
http://www.accuweather.com true
http://www.oakley.com true
http://www.shop-pro.jp false
http://www.omniture.com false
http://www.java.com true
http://www.virginia.edu true
http://www.nba.com true
http://www.fotki.com true
http://www.360.cn false
http://www.indiatimes.com true
http://www.studiopress.com true
http://www.github.io false
http://www.mlb.com true
http://www.prlog.org true
http://www.mayoclinic.com true
http://www.4shared.com true
http://www.japanpost.jp true
http://www.google.com.hk true
http://www.zimbio.com true
http://www.craigslist.org false
http://www.uiuc.edu true
http://www.mtv.com false
http://www.dmoz.org false
http://www.sciencedirect.com true
http://www.cisco.com true
http://www.cnbc.com true
http://www.blogs.com true
http://www.dot.gov true
http://www.webeden.co.uk true
http://www.symantec.com true
http://www.google.ru true
http://www.twitpic.com false
http://www.hud.gov true
http://www.hhs.gov true
http://www.chronoengine.com false
http://www.admin.ch true
http://www.jalbum.net true
http://www.vistaprint.com true
http://www.hibu.com true
http://www.cyberchimps.com true
http://www.wufoo.com true
http://www.newyorker.com true
http://www.si.edu true
http://www.cmu.edu true
http://www.domainmarket.com true
http://www.ask.com true
http://www.timesonline.co.uk true
http://www.deliciousdays.com true
http://www.ovh.net false
http://www.naver.com true
http://www.sciencedaily.com true
http://www.home.pl true
http://www.ebay.co.uk true
http://www.canalblog.com false
http://www.smugmug.com true
http://www.globo.com true
http://www.cocolog-nifty.com true
http://www.i2i.jp false
http://www.paginegialle.it true
http://www.springer.com true
http://www.mapy.cz true
http://www.smh.com.au true
http://www.reference.com true
http://www.answers.com true
http://www.1und1.de true
http://www.trellian.com true
http://www.istockphoto.com true
http://www.gizmodo.com true
http://www.intel.com true
http://www.devhub.com true
http://www.artisteer.com false
http://www.g.co false
http://www.salon.com true
http://www.dagondesign.com true
http://www.sun.com true
http://www.odnoklassniki.ru true
http://www.unicef.org true
http://www.storify.com false
http://www.samsung.com true
http://www.example.com false
http://www.unesco.org true
http://www.ucoz.com false
http://www.yellowbook.com true
http://www.businesswire.com true
http://www.thetimes.co.uk true
http://www.is.gd false
http://www.theglobeandmail.com true
http://www.usa.gov true
http://www.biblegateway.com true
http://www.flavors.me false
http://www.shareasale.com false
http://www.usnews.com true
http://www.jiathis.com false
http://www.wisc.edu true
http://www.edublogs.org true
http://www.howstuffworks.com true
http://www.psu.edu true
http://www.hc360.com true
http://www.t-online.de false
http://www.purevolume.com true
http://www.lycos.com true
http://www.slate.com true
http://www.booking.com true
http://www.cargocollective.com false
http://www.hubpages.com true
http://www.xing.com true
http://www.dion.ne.jp true
http://www.so-net.ne.jp false
http://www.wikispaces.com false
http://www.state.tx.us true
http://www.ucla.edu true
http://www.umn.edu true
http://www.bigcartel.com false
http://www.abc.net.au true
http://www.jigsy.com false
http://www.utexas.edu true
http://www.nhs.uk true
http://www.elegantthemes.com false
http://www.plala.or.jp false
http://www.infoseek.co.jp true
http://www.usgs.gov true
http://www.washington.edu false
http://www.diigo.com true
http://www.yale.edu true
http://www.upenn.edu true
http://www.slashdot.org true
http://www.patch.com false
http://www.columbia.edu true
http://www.list-manage.com false
http://www.ehow.com true
http://www.google.com.au true
http://www.theatlantic.com true
http://www.cdbaby.com false
http://www.hexun.com true
http://www.1688.com false
http://www.friendfeed.com true
http://www.pagesperso-orange.fr true
http://www.marriott.com true
http://www.skyrock.com true
http://www.meetup.com false
http://www.economist.com true
http://www.ow.ly false
http://www.engadget.com true
http://www.zdnet.com true
http://www.nyu.edu true
http://www.cafepress.com true
http://www.ftc.gov true
http://www.com.com false
http://www.liveinternet.ru false
http://www.marketwatch.com true
http://www.quantcast.com true
http://www.census.gov true
http://www.state.gov true
http://www.behance.net false
http://www.netscape.com true
http://www.ed.gov true
http://www.ft.com true
http://www.google.pl true
http://www.netvibes.com true
http://www.google.cn false
http://www.auda.org.au true
http://www.topsy.com false
http://www.paypal.com true
http://www.dropbox.com false
http://www.surveymonkey.com false
http://www.prnewswire.com true
http://www.goodreads.com true
http://www.ifeng.com true
http://www.google.com.br true
http://www.exblog.jp true
http://www.moonfruit.com false
http://www.discovery.com true
http://www.mac.com true
http://www.umich.edu true
http://www.gmpg.org false
http://www.fda.gov true
http://www.cbc.ca true
http://www.wiley.com true
http://www.github.com true
http://www.webmd.com true
http://www.about.me false
http://www.youku.com true
http://www.wikia.com true
http://www.redcross.org true
http://www.skype.com true
http://www.drupal.org true
http://www.businessinsider.com true
http://www.shinystat.com false
http://www.ycombinator.com false
http://www.last.fm true
http://www.nature.com true
http://www.privacy.gov.au true
http://www.opensource.org true
http://www.senate.gov true
http://www.cbslocal.com true
http://www.spiegel.de true
http://www.bizjournals.com false
http://www.oaic.gov.au true
http://www.wunderground.com true
http://www.cloudflare.com true
http://www.who.int true
http://www.people.com.cn false
http://www.imgur.com false
http://www.google.nl true
http://www.ustream.tv false
http://www.soup.io false
http://www.irs.gov true
http://www.xinhuanet.com true
http://www.independent.co.uk true
http://www.ezinearticles.com true
http://www.reverbnation.com true
http://www.freewebs.com true
http://www.webnode.com true
http://www.mediafire.com false
http://www.techcrunch.com true
http://www.un.org false
http://www.icq.com true
http://www.ucoz.ru false
http://www.sphinn.com true
http://www.mysql.com true
http://www.disqus.com false
http://www.squarespace.com true
http://www.nps.gov true
http://www.alexa.com true
http://www.hp.com true
http://www.house.gov true
http://www.cornell.edu true
http://www.epa.gov true
http://www.oracle.com true
http://www.examiner.com true
http://www.seesaa.net false
http://www.whitehouse.gov true
http://www.tripadvisor.com true
http://www.ted.com true
http://www.usda.gov true
http://www.nationalgeographic.com true
http://www.biglobe.ne.jp true
http://www.mashable.com true
http://www.apache.org true
http://www.yolasite.com false
http://www.bluehost.com true
http://www.vkontakte.ru false
http://www.loc.gov true
http://www.newsvine.com true
http://www.eepurl.com false
http://www.foxnews.com true
http://www.geocities.jp false
http://www.cbsnews.com true
http://www.discuz.net true
http://www.businessweek.com true
http://www.comsenz.com false
http://www.mozilla.com false
http://www.berkeley.edu true
http://www.xrea.com false
http://www.barnesandnoble.com true
http://www.goo.ne.jp true
http://www.noaa.gov true
http://www.ibm.com true
http://www.bandcamp.com true
http://www.cpanel.net true
http://www.prweb.com false
http://www.google.ca true
http://www.weather.com true
http://www.pbs.org true
http://www.google.es true
http://www.a8.net false
http://www.ocn.ne.jp false
http://www.dedecms.com false
http://www.hatena.ne.jp true
http://www.angelfire.com true
http://www.imageshack.us false
http://www.kickstarter.com false
http://www.over-blog.com true
http://www.blinklist.com false
http://www.nifty.com true
http://www.blog.com false
http://www.bloomberg.com true
http://www.nbcnews.com true
http://www.amazonaws.com true
http://www.wired.com true
http://www.amazon.co.jp true
http://www.nasa.gov false
http://www.npr.org true
http://www.narod.ru false
http://www.histats.com false
http://www.gravatar.com false
http://www.squidoo.com true
http://www.ca.gov true
http://www.live.com false
http://www.alibaba.com true
http://www.harvard.edu true
http://www.google.it true
http://www.eventbrite.com true
http://www.addtoany.com false
http://www.time.com true
http://www.stanford.edu true
http://www.wikimedia.org false
http://www.mit.edu true
http://www.sakura.ne.jp false
http://www.sohu.com false
http://www.altervista.org false
http://www.cdc.gov true
http://www.deviantart.com true
http://www.parallels.com true
http://www.dailymail.co.uk true
http://www.ning.com true
http://www.php.net true
http://www.bbb.org true
http://www.opera.com false
http://www.miitbeian.gov.cn false
http://www.scribd.com true
http://www.amazon.de true
http://www.phpbb.com true
http://www.rakuten.co.jp true
http://www.google.fr true
http://www.constantcontact.com false
http://www.archive.org true
http://www.posterous.com false
http://www.cnet.com true
http://www.telegraph.co.uk true
http://www.phoca.cz true
http://www.usatoday.com true
http://www.e-recht24.de true
http://www.yelp.com true
http://www.soundcloud.com false
http://www.dailymotion.com false
http://www.amazon.co.uk true
http://www.forbes.com true
http://www.etsy.com true
http://www.weibo.com false
http://www.reuters.com true
http://www.clickbank.net true
http://www.homestead.com true
http://www.photobucket.com true
http://www.washingtonpost.com true
http://www.wix.com false
http://www.mapquest.com true
http://www.gnu.org true
http://www.slideshare.net true
http://www.issuu.com true
http://www.163.com false
http://www.geocities.com false
http://www.godaddy.com true
http://www.guardian.co.uk true
http://www.tripod.com false
http://www.bing.com true
http://www.taobao.com false
http://www.wsj.com true
http://www.ameblo.jp false
http://www.europa.eu false
http://www.rambler.ru true
http://www.mozilla.org false
http://www.ebay.com true
http://www.google.co.uk true
http://www.huffingtonpost.com false
http://www.aol.com true
http://www.theguardian.com true
http://www.about.com false
http://www.51.la false
http://www.hugedomains.com true
http://www.nih.gov true
http://www.technorati.com false
http://www.sina.com.cn true
http://www.typepad.com true
http://www.networkadvertising.org false
http://www.yahoo.co.jp true
http://www.free.fr false
http://www.joomla.org true
http://www.fc2.com false
http://www.creativecommons.org true
http://www.google.co.jp true
http://www.tinyurl.com false
http://www.sourceforge.net true
http://www.jimdo.com false
http://www.go.com true
http://www.imdb.com true
http://www.livejournal.com true
http://www.t.co false
http://www.google.de true
http://www.cnn.com true
http://www.desdev.cn false
http://www.icio.us false
http://www.webs.com true
http://www.instagram.com false
http://www.vk.com false
http://www.gov.uk true
http://www.goo.gl false
http://www.mail.ru true
http://www.blogger.com false
http://www.msn.com true
http://www.macromedia.com true
http://www.weebly.com true
http://www.bloglines.com false
http://www.yandex.ru true
http://www.nytimes.com true
http://www.reddit.com true
http://www.statcounter.com false
http://www.miibeian.gov.cn false
http://www.feedburner.com false
http://www.addthis.com false
http://www.qq.com true
http://www.digg.com true
http://www.youtu.be false
http://www.baidu.com false
http://www.microsoft.com true
http://www.vimeo.com true
http://www.bbc.co.uk true
http://www.w3.org true
http://www.myspace.com true
http://www.apple.com true
http://www.tumblr.com true
http://www.amazon.com true
http://www.wordpress.com false
http://www.yahoo.com true
http://www.linkedin.com true
http://www.wikipedia.org true
http://www.pinterest.com false
http://www.sitemeter.com false
http://www.flickr.com true
http://www.blogspot.com false
http://www.google.com true
http://www.adobe.com true
http://www.wordpress.org true
http://www.twitter.com true
http://www.youtube.com true
http://www.facebook.com true
http://www.jugem.jp false

http://www.acquirethisname.com false
http://www.pen.io false
http://www.illinois.edu true
http://www.tinypic.com true
http://www.cam.ac.uk true
http://www.bloglovin.com false
http://www.sbwire.com true
http://www.walmart.com true
http://www.themeforest.net true
http://www.123-reg.co.uk true
http://www.woothemes.com true
http://www.arstechnica.com true
http://www.shutterfly.com true
http://www.pcworld.com true
http://www.spotify.com false
http://www.aboutads.info false
http://www.scientificamerican.com true
http://www.sogou.com true
http://www.dyndns.org true
http://www.arizona.edu true
http://www.fastcompany.com true
http://www.hao123.com false
http://www.multiply.com false
http://www.seattletimes.com true
http://www.vinaora.com true
http://www.nsw.gov.au true
http://www.nymag.com true
http://www.fema.gov true
http://www.tiny.cc false
http://www.tmall.com true
http://www.hostgator.com false
http://www.msu.edu true
http://www.blogtalkradio.com true
http://www.rediff.com true
http://www.yellowpages.com true
http://www.ihg.com true
http://www.unc.edu true
http://www.netlog.com false
http://www.unblog.fr false
http://www.earthlink.net true
http://www.indiegogo.com true
http://www.va.gov true
http://www.bravesites.com true
http://www.tamu.edu true
http://www.furl.net false
http://www.tuttocitta.it false
http://www.csmonitor.com true
http://www.ucsd.edu true
http://www.wp.com false
http://www.toplist.cz false
http://www.lulu.com true
http://www.china.com.cn false
http://www.ox.ac.uk true
http://www.merriam-webster.com true
http://www.printfriendly.com false
http://www.princeton.edu true
http://www.shop-pro.jp false
http://www.dell.com true
http://www.oakley.com true
http://www.army.mil true
http://www.fotki.com true
http://www.accuweather.com true
http://www.omniture.com false
http://www.virginia.edu true
http://www.java.com true
http://www.simplemachines.org false
http://www.mayoclinic.com true
http://www.nba.com true
http://www.studiopress.com true
http://www.github.io false
http://www.360.cn false
http://www.mlb.com true
http://www.indiatimes.com true
http://www.4shared.com true
http://www.prlog.org true
http://www.japanpost.jp true
http://www.google.com.hk true
http://www.zimbio.com true
http://www.uiuc.edu true
http://www.dmoz.org false
http://www.mtv.com false
http://www.cnbc.com true
http://www.craigslist.org false
http://www.cisco.com true
http://www.blogs.com true
http://www.hud.gov true
http://www.dot.gov true
http://www.admin.ch true
http://www.sciencedirect.com true
http://www.google.ru true
http://www.twitpic.com false
http://www.hhs.gov true
http://www.symantec.com true
http://www.chronoengine.com false
http://www.webeden.co.uk true
http://www.hibu.com true
http://www.vistaprint.com true
http://www.cmu.edu true
http://www.si.edu true
http://www.wufoo.com true
http://www.newyorker.com true
http://www.domainmarket.com true
http://www.cyberchimps.com true
http://www.jalbum.net true
http://www.deliciousdays.com true
http://www.ask.com true
http://www.ovh.net false
http://www.naver.com true
http://www.globo.com true
http://www.timesonline.co.uk true
http://www.home.pl true
http://www.sciencedaily.com true
http://www.canalblog.com false
http://www.mapy.cz true
http://www.ebay.co.uk true
http://www.cocolog-nifty.com true
http://www.i2i.jp false
http://www.paginegialle.it true
http://www.answers.com true
http://www.trellian.com true
http://www.1und1.de true
http://www.reference.com true
http://www.devhub.com true
http://www.springer.com true
http://www.smugmug.com true
http://www.istockphoto.com true
http://www.gizmodo.com true
http://www.artisteer.com false
http://www.smh.com.au true
http://www.salon.com true
http://www.sun.com true
http://www.g.co false
http://www.dagondesign.com true
http://www.intel.com true
http://www.odnoklassniki.ru true
http://www.unesco.org true
http://www.businesswire.com true
http://www.example.com false
http://www.unicef.org true
http://www.storify.com false
http://www.samsung.com true
http://www.ucoz.com false
http://www.yellowbook.com true
http://www.thetimes.co.uk true
http://www.is.gd false
http://www.usa.gov true
http://www.flavors.me false
http://www.t-online.de false
http://www.shareasale.com false
http://www.biblegateway.com true
http://www.usnews.com true
http://www.jiathis.com false
http://www.wisc.edu true
http://www.edublogs.org true
http://www.hc360.com true
http://www.lycos.com true
http://www.theglobeandmail.com true
http://www.psu.edu true
http://www.purevolume.com true
http://www.howstuffworks.com true
http://www.slate.com true
http://www.xing.com true
http://www.so-net.ne.jp false
http://www.cargocollective.com false
http://www.dion.ne.jp true
http://www.state.tx.us true
http://www.hubpages.com true
http://www.umn.edu true
http://www.ucla.edu true
http://www.bigcartel.com false
http://www.wikispaces.com false
http://www.jigsy.com false
http://www.booking.com true
http://www.nhs.uk true
http://www.elegantthemes.com false
http://www.abc.net.au true
http://www.utexas.edu true
http://www.diigo.com true
http://www.usgs.gov true
http://www.infoseek.co.jp true
http://www.hexun.com true
http://www.washington.edu false
http://www.plala.or.jp false
http://www.yale.edu true
http://www.list-manage.com false
http://www.slashdot.org true
http://www.upenn.edu true
http://www.google.com.au true
http://www.patch.com false
http://www.columbia.edu true
http://www.ehow.com true
http://www.cdbaby.com false
http://www.marriott.com true
http://www.theatlantic.com true
http://www.pagesperso-orange.fr true
http://www.1688.com false
http://www.economist.com true
http://www.skyrock.com true
http://www.ow.ly false
http://www.engadget.com true
http://www.meetup.com false
http://www.friendfeed.com true
http://www.cafepress.com true
http://www.zdnet.com true
http://www.ftc.gov true
http://www.com.com true
http://www.liveinternet.ru false
http://www.netscape.com true
http://www.ed.gov true
http://www.marketwatch.com true
http://www.behance.net false
http://www.state.gov true
http://www.census.gov true
http://www.auda.org.au true
http://www.netvibes.com true
http://www.google.pl true
http://www.quantcast.com true
http://www.ft.com true
http://www.google.cn false
http://www.prnewswire.com true
http://www.topsy.com false
http://www.paypal.com true
http://www.surveymonkey.com false
http://www.exblog.jp true
http://www.goodreads.com true
http://www.ifeng.com true
http://www.nyu.edu true
http://www.dropbox.com false
http://www.google.com.br true
http://www.moonfruit.com false
http://www.discovery.com true
http://www.cbc.ca true
http://www.mac.com true
http://www.gmpg.org false
http://www.umich.edu true
http://www.fda.gov true
http://www.webmd.com true
http://www.github.com true
http://www.about.me false
http://www.youku.com true
http://www.wikia.com true
http://www.wiley.com true
http://www.skype.com true
http://www.drupal.org true
http://www.businessinsider.com true
http://www.shinystat.com false
http://www.last.fm true
http://www.ycombinator.com false
http://www.nature.com true
http://www.privacy.gov.au true
http://www.senate.gov true
http://www.cbslocal.com true
http://www.spiegel.de true
http://www.opensource.org true
http://www.oaic.gov.au true
http://www.cloudflare.com true
http://www.bizjournals.com false
http://www.people.com.cn false
http://www.wunderground.com true
http://www.ustream.tv false
http://www.imgur.com false
http://www.soup.io false
http://www.who.int true
http://www.google.nl true
http://www.irs.gov true
http://www.independent.co.uk true
http://www.reverbnation.com true
http://www.webnode.com true
http://www.ezinearticles.com true
http://www.xinhuanet.com true
http://www.mediafire.com false
http://www.techcrunch.com true
http://www.freewebs.com true
http://www.redcross.org true
http://www.un.org false
http://www.icq.com true
http://www.ucoz.ru false
http://www.disqus.com false
http://www.sphinn.com true
http://www.mysql.com true
http://www.squarespace.com true
http://www.nps.gov true
http://www.hp.com true
http://www.house.gov true
http://www.cornell.edu true
http://www.examiner.com true
http://www.oracle.com true
http://www.alexa.com true
http://www.epa.gov true
http://www.seesaa.net false
http://www.whitehouse.gov true
http://www.tripadvisor.com true
http://www.nationalgeographic.com true
http://www.usda.gov true
http://www.ted.com true
http://www.biglobe.ne.jp true
http://www.mashable.com true
http://www.yolasite.com false
http://www.apache.org true
http://www.loc.gov true
http://www.newsvine.com true
http://www.bluehost.com true
http://www.eepurl.com false
http://www.vkontakte.ru false
http://www.foxnews.com true
http://www.geocities.jp false
http://www.discuz.net true
http://www.cbsnews.com true
http://www.comsenz.com false
http://www.businessweek.com true
http://www.berkeley.edu true
http://www.xrea.com false
http://www.mozilla.com false
http://www.barnesandnoble.com true
http://www.goo.ne.jp true
http://www.noaa.gov true
http://www.ibm.com true
http://www.cpanel.net true
http://www.bandcamp.com true
http://www.prweb.com false
http://www.pbs.org true
http://www.weather.com true
http://www.google.ca true
http://www.google.es true
http://www.dedecms.com false
http://www.a8.net false
http://www.ocn.ne.jp false
http://www.angelfire.com true
http://www.hatena.ne.jp true
http://www.kickstarter.com false
http://www.blinklist.com false
http://www.over-blog.com true
http://www.nifty.com true
http://www.imageshack.us false
http://www.blog.com false
http://www.nbcnews.com true
http://www.bloomberg.com true
http://www.wired.com true
http://www.amazonaws.com true
http://www.amazon.co.jp true
http://www.narod.ru false
http://www.nasa.gov false
http://www.npr.org true
http://www.histats.com false
http://www.eventbrite.com true
http://www.gravatar.com false
http://www.live.com false
http://www.alibaba.com true
http://www.squidoo.com true
http://www.google.it true
http://www.harvard.edu true
http://www.ca.gov true
http://www.time.com true
http://www.addtoany.com false
http://www.mit.edu true
http://www.wikimedia.org false
http://www.stanford.edu true
http://www.sohu.com false
http://www.cdc.gov true
http://www.altervista.org false
http://www.sakura.ne.jp false
http://www.parallels.com true
http://www.dailymail.co.uk true
http://www.ning.com true
http://www.deviantart.com true
http://www.bbb.org true
http://www.opera.com false
http://www.php.net true
http://www.miitbeian.gov.cn false
http://www.scribd.com true
http://www.amazon.de true
http://www.phpbb.com true
http://www.rakuten.co.jp true
http://www.google.fr true
http://www.constantcontact.com false
http://www.telegraph.co.uk true
http://www.archive.org true
http://www.posterous.com false
http://www.phoca.cz true
http://www.cnet.com true
http://www.e-recht24.de true
http://www.yelp.com true
http://www.soundcloud.com false
http://www.usatoday.com true
http://www.weibo.com false
http://www.dailymotion.com false
http://www.amazon.co.uk true
http://www.etsy.com true
http://www.forbes.com true
http://www.reuters.com true
http://www.homestead.com true
http://www.photobucket.com true
http://www.clickbank.net true
http://www.washingtonpost.com true
http://www.wix.com false
http://www.mapquest.com true
http://www.gnu.org true
http://www.issuu.com true
http://www.slideshare.net true
http://www.163.com false
http://www.geocities.com false
http://www.godaddy.com true
http://www.tripod.com false
http://www.guardian.co.uk true
http://www.bing.com true
http://www.taobao.com false
http://www.wsj.com true
http://www.ameblo.jp false
http://www.europa.eu false
http://www.rambler.ru true
http://www.ebay.com true
http://www.mozilla.org false
http://www.google.co.uk true
http://www.huffingtonpost.com false
http://www.aol.com true
http://www.theguardian.com true
http://www.about.com false
http://www.hugedomains.com true
http://www.nih.gov true
http://www.51.la false
http://www.technorati.com false
http://www.sina.com.cn true
http://www.typepad.com true
http://www.networkadvertising.org false
http://www.yahoo.co.jp true
http://www.fc2.com false
http://www.desdev.cn false
http://www.google.co.jp true
http://www.free.fr false
http://www.tinyurl.com false
http://www.joomla.org true
http://www.sourceforge.net true
http://www.creativecommons.org true
http://www.jimdo.com false
http://www.imdb.com true
http://www.t.co false
http://www.google.de true
http://www.bloglines.com false
http://www.livejournal.com true
http://www.cnn.com true
http://www.go.com true
http://www.icio.us false
http://www.instagram.com false
http://www.webs.com true
http://www.goo.gl false
http://www.gov.uk true
http://www.vk.com false
http://www.blogger.com false
http://www.msn.com true
http://www.mail.ru true
http://www.macromedia.com true
http://www.weebly.com true
http://www.nytimes.com true
http://www.yandex.ru true
http://www.statcounter.com false
http://www.miibeian.gov.cn false
http://www.bbc.co.uk true
http://www.feedburner.com false
http://www.reddit.com true
http://www.addthis.com false
http://www.youtu.be false
http://www.qq.com true
http://www.digg.com true
http://www.baidu.com false
http://www.microsoft.com true
http://www.vimeo.com true
http://www.w3.org true
http://www.myspace.com true
http://www.apple.com true
http://www.tumblr.com true
http://www.amazon.com true
http://www.pinterest.com false
http://www.wordpress.com false
http://www.flickr.com true
http://www.linkedin.com true
http://www.wikipedia.org true
http://www.yahoo.com true
http://www.blogspot.com false
http://www.google.com true
http://www.sitemeter.com false
http://www.adobe.com true
http://www.wordpress.org true
http://www.youtube.com true
http://www.twitter.com true
http://www.facebook.com true
http://www.jugem.jp false
-> false
-> false
-> true
-> true
-> true
-> true
-> true
-> false
-> true
-> true
-> false
-> true
-> true
-> false
-> true
-> true
-> true
-> true
-> true
-> true
-> false
-> true
-> true
-> true
-> false